This directory contains the source code in C++ of a random instance 
generator and a set of 20 Flexible Job-Shop Scheduling instances 
proposed, described, and used in 

    E.G. Birgin, P. Feofiloff, C.G. Fernandes, E.L. de Melo, M.T.I. Oshiro, 
    D.P. Ronconi, A MILP model for an extended version of the Flexible Job 
    Shop Problem, submitted, 2012. 

These instances are for a more general version of the Flexible 
JobShop Scheduling Problem. This version allows for jobs that are 
sets of operations with an arbitrary precedence relation. The 
instances presented in this directory contain jobs of a special 
type, that consist of two branches of sequencial operations that 
merge into one, as depicted below. Such jobs are called Y-jobs. 

- - -
      \
        - - -
      /
- - -

Each is given in a file according to the following description. 

Let N be the total number of operations of all jobs in the instance, 
    A be the number of arcs in the precedence relation, and 
    K be the number of machines in the instance. 

The operations are labeled from 0 to N-1 and the machines are labeled 
from 0 to K-1.

The first line of the file for each instance contains the numbers N,
A, and K.  Each of the next A lines contains two distinct operations
(labels), U and V, indicating that operation U must be processed
before operation V. Finally, the last N lines describe one operation
each, that is, the (A + 2)-th line in the file corresponds to
operation 0, the (A + 3)-th line corresponds to operation 1, and so
on. The description of each operation begins with the number M of
machines which can process the operation, followed by M pairs of
numbers indicating, respectively, (the label of) a machine and the
time that this machine takes to process the operation.

Any line starting with a # is a comment line.

This set of instances was generated by the random instance generator
whose source-code is in the file ygenerator.cpp, also available in
this directory.  To generate a set of instances, the generator asks
the user for the following information: the total number of jobs in
each instance, the number of operations per job, the number of
machines, the maximum number of machines per operation, the initial of
the instances filenames, and the number of instances to be generated.
